very good to all welcome to the new
tutorial in which we will learn a
system to connect the purse to
our recreational machine
for this system we will use a
electronic purse like the one they are
watching on screen
a 12 volt relay relay
a source of power exactly
we will use the cable moles of it
and any button on a joystick to which
we will perform the hack
if you look closely at these two
purses in the part that I am
selecting cables will be connected
that will feed the purse with the 12
volts and in turn the purse us
will send a pulse giving us a credit in
our machine
in this section we can replace the
currency with which we want it to work
the purse
and this is the most important part that
we have to know where the
instructions on how we should connect
our purse correctly of those
options we will only use three of them
the first where it says power of cee where
will be connected the 12 volts that
will feed the purse the second where
the dry in signar caput is the cable that
will send us the signal to the purse
our machine and in the third part of
that ground gn that is what will make
earth or mass
of the molex connector will only serve us two
cables
the yellow cable that he hands us
just 12 volts
and any of the two black wires
that will serve us as land or as a negative
this is the 12 volt relay that we're going
to use which will serve us as
switch or switch in our
small circuit
the following diagram shows us how
is this relay internally
how can you see each black dot of
our diagram represents each
terminal of our relay
and how can they realize in the
diagram in these two points there are
continuity then when it connects
12 volts to any of these two
points passes electric current through this
coil which creates a magnetic field and
therefore, there is no longer
continuity at this point and happens to have
continuity in the next
and after this little explanation
step to leave the following diagram
complete how they should connect
correctly all the cables so that
operate our machine with a purse
electronic
in this diagram we go step by step what
first that we look at will be in the
molex connector as you can see it comes out a
yellow line which feeds
of 12 volts to the relay that also
12 volt power to the coin purse
the same way a line of
black color of the molex connector which
is connected to the negative of the purse
now of the purse how can be fixed
a red line comes out which
represents the signal that the
purse when we place a
currency
when we place a coin and
the purse recognizes this currency sends
this signal which is connected to the pin
number one of our watch
this same signal creates a short in the
internal coil of our nativity scene cutting
the continuity of the first point and
passing the continuity to the next
and in this way the phase and the earth of
button of our joystick come together and
create a pulse by sending our
recreational machine and giving us a
credit in our favorite game
this diagram will leave you in the
description of the video so that if
they have at hand and they can see it when
you wish and good friends this has
been everything for today I hope you have
liked the tutorial and with the small
they are recreational acrylics do not forget
to share it like if they liked it and
remember it was the hendry and even the
next
now
but not